# Schrodinger-Script
Some Script to run Schrödinger jobs on HPC.
These scripts need to be run on the Linux cluster where Schrodinger is installed.

Vsgo
=====
A linux shell script to run Virual Screening WorkFlow for Schrodinger.

            Perform Virtual Screening Workflow.

            Usage: Vsgo [OPTION] <parameter>

            Example: Vsgo -i *.zip -D CBCF -s 10 -N 50

            Input parameter:
              -i	Gird file input.
                    Use a file name (Multiple files are wrapped in "", and split by ' ') or regular expression to represent your input Grid file, default is *.zip.

            VS control parameter:
              -D    Which databases do you want to screen? Default is CBCF. <CBCF>
                        CBCF SIAIS Chemdiv ZincLead HMDB HMDBmembrane Drugbank TCMD CNCL are Supported.
                        Different chemical libraries use different VS protocol. You usually do not need to change the settings specially.
              -d    Provide your own database path, the compounds files are recommended as maegz or SDF file format.
              -M    The maximum molecular weight your receptor can contain (usually your reference ligand +150) <550>
              -m    Set a minimum molecular weight to filter the ligands to be screened. <0>
              -o    Number of Output. Set how many ligand postures are output for visual screening. <2000>
                    This value usually depends on the size of the compound library. Note to adjust the value, otherwise you may not get the expected results.
              -R    Remove reactive compounds from the compound library. Default is flase, use this option will set it true.
              -r    Virtual screening is performed with only reactive compounds, and if you do not know what this option is talking about, use it with caution.
              -F    Use other options to pre filter compounds, which will open interactive Options.
              -s    Keep HTVS outpose to SP. This is usually a percentage. <20>
              -x    Keep HTVS outpose to XP. This is usually a percentage. <10>
              -E    Enhanced sampling was used in the XP to generate multiple conformations. Default is flase.
              -e    Enhanced sampling was used in the SP to acquire a more accurate conformation. Default is flase.
              -c    The number of conformations generated by each ligand in the final docking protocol. <1>

            Job control:
              -H	Hostname of your queue, defult is HPC_CPU.
              -N    The number of threads you want to use in this task. No more than 100.
              -S	Your Schrodinger path.
  

mdgo
=====
A linux shell script to run MD job from a mae file by Desmond.

            Usage: mdgo [OPTION] <parameter>

            An automatic Desmond MD pipline.

            Example: mdgo -i *.mae -p K -t 200 -P "chain.name A" -L "chain.name C" -G HPC_gpu01 -n 1 -b cubic

            Input parameter:
              -i	Use a file name (Multiple files are wrapped in "", and split by ' ') or regular expression to represent your input file, default is *.mae.

            MD System parameter:
              -N	Do you want to use negative_ion to neutralize_system? 
                Defulat is no. if you use this option, your systems will be neutralize by nagative_ion.
              -b	Define a boxshape for your systems. <cubic>
              -s	Define a boxsize for your systems.  <15.0>
                for dodecahedron_hexagon and cubic, defulat is 15.0;
                for orthorhombic or triclinic box, defulat is [15.0 15.0 15.0];
                If you want use Orthorhombic or Triclinic box, your parameter should be like "15.0 15.0 15.0"
              -p	What positive_ion do you want use to neutralize_system? <Na>
                Na, Li, K, Rb, Cs are predefined.
              -n	What nagative_ion do you want use to neutralize_system? <Cl>
                F, Cl, Br, I are predefined.
              -w	Solvent model of your systems. <TIP3P>
                SPC, TIP3P, TIP4P, TIP5P, DMSO, METHANOL are predefined.
              -c	Set a concentration to add salt, the unit is M. <0.15>
              -F	Define a force field to build your systems, If your system contain ligand or non-standard residues, OPLS_2005 is Necessary.
                OPLS_2005, S-OPLS, amber99SB-ILDN, amber03, amber99, amber99SB, charmm32, charmm36_lipids are recommended.

            Minimazation parameter:
              -m	Enter the maximum simulation time for the Brownian motion simulation, in ps. <100>

            MD control parameter:
              -t    Enter the Molecular dynamics simulation time for the Brownian motion simulation, in ns. <100>
              -T    Specify the temperature to be used, in kelvin. <310>
              -R    Number of Repeat simulation with different random numbers. <1>
              -P    Define a ASL to protein, such as "chain.name A"
              -L    Define a ASL to ligand, such as "res.ptype UNK"
              -C    Set constraint to an ASL, such as "chain.name A AND backbone"
              -f    Set constraint force, default is 10.
              -o    Specify the approximate number of frames in the trajectory.  <1000>
                    This value is coupled with the recording interval for the trajectory and the simulation time: the number of frames times the trajectory recording interval is the total simulation time.
                    If you adjust the number of frames, the recording interval is modified.

            Job control:
              -H	Hostname of your queue, default is HPC_CPU.
              -G    GPU Host you wanna to use, default is  HPC_GPU.
              -D	Your Desmond path. <$Desmond>     

plmd
====

                        Usage: plmd [OPTION] <parameter>

                        An automatic Desmond MD pipline for protein-ligand complex MD simulation.

                        Example: 
                        1) plmd -i "*.mae" -S INC -P "chain.name A" -L "res.ptype UNK" -H HPC_CPU -G HPC_GPU
                        2) plmd -i "*.mae" -S OUC -P "chain.name A" -L "chain.name B" -t 200 -H HPC_CPU -G HPC_gpu01
                        3) plmd -i "*.mae" -S "TIP4P:Cl:0.15-Na-Cl+0.02-Fe2-Cl+0.02-Mg2-Cl" -L "res.num 999" -G HPC_gpu03
                        4) plmd -i "*.cms" -P "chain.name A" -L "res.ptype ADP" -H HPC_CPU -G HPC_gpu04

                        Input parameter:
                          -i	Use a file name (Multiple files are wrapped in "", and split by ' ') *.mae or *.cms ;
                                    or regular expression to represent your input file, default is *.mae.

                        System Builder parameter:
                          -S    System Build Mode: <INC>
                                    INC: System in cell, salt buffer is 0.15M KCl, water is TIP3P. Add K to neutralize system.
                                    OUC: System out of cell, salt buffer is 0.15M NaCl, water is TIP3P. Add Na to neutralize system.
                                    Custom Instruct: Such as: "TIP4P:Cl:0.15-Na-Cl+0.02-Fe2-Cl+0.02-Mg2-Cl"
                                        Interactive addition of salt. Add Cl to neutralize system.
                                            for positive_ion: Na, Li, K, Rb, Cs, Fe2, Fe3, Mg2, Ca2, Zn2 are predefined.
                                            for nagative_ion: F, Cl, Br, I are predefined.
                                            for water: SPC, TIP3P, TIP4P, TIP5P, DMSO, METHANOL are predefined.

                          -b	Define a boxshape for your systems. <cubic>
                                    box types: dodecahedron_hexagon, cubic, orthorhombic, triclinic
                          -s	Define a boxsize for your systems.  <15.0>
                                                for dodecahedron_hexagon and cubic, defulat is 15.0;
                                                for orthorhombic or triclinic box, defulat is [15.0 15.0 15.0];
                                                If you want use Orthorhombic or Triclinic box, your parameter should be like "15.0 15.0 15.0"
                          -R    Redistribute the mass of heavy atoms to bonded hydrogen atoms to slow-down high frequency motions.
                          -F	Define a force field to build your systems. <OPLS_2005>
                                                OPLS_2005, S-OPLS, OPLS3e, OPLS3, OPLS2 are recommended to protein-ligand systems.

                        Simulation control parameter:
                          -m	Enter the maximum simulation time for the Brownian motion simulation, in ps. <100>
                          -t    Enter the Molecular dynamics simulation time for the product simulation, in ns. <100>
                          -T    Specify the temperature to be used, in kelvin. <310>
                          -N    Number of Repeat simulation with different random numbers. <1>
                          -P    Define a ASL to protein, such as "protein".
                          -L    Define a ASL to ligand, such as "res.ptype UNK".
                          -q    Turn off protein-ligand analysis.
                          -u    Turn off md simulation, only system build.
                          -C    Set constraint to an ASL, such as "chain.name A AND backbone"
                          -f    Set constraint force, default is 10.
                          -o    Specify the approximate number of frames in the trajectory.  <1000>
                                This value is coupled with the recording interval for the trajectory and the simulation time: the number of frames times the trajectory recording interval is the total simulation time.
                                If you adjust the number of frames, the recording interval will be modified.

                        Job control:
                          -G	HOST of GPU queue, default is HPC_GPU.
                          -H    HOST of CPU queue, default is HPC_CPU.
                          -D	Your Desmond path. <$Desmond>

                        Thank you for your using, If you found any question, Please contact wanglin3@shanghaitech.edu.cn.

GVSrun
=====
A linux shell script to run Virual Screening WorkFlow for Schrodinger, a higher vesion of VSgo.


                        Perform Virtual Screening Workflow.

                        Usage: Vsgo [OPTION] <parameter>

                        Example: 
                        1) Vsgo -i "*.zip" -D DrugBank -s 10 -N 20 -H HPC_CPU
                        2) Vsgo -i "*.zip" -D ChemBridge -M 650 -m 300 -N 30 -H HPC_CPU
                        3) Vsgo -i "*.zip" -D Spec -r -N 10 -H HPC_CPU
                        4) Vsgo -i "*.zip" -D ZincLead -R -N 80 -H HPC_CPU

                        Input parameter:
                          -i	Gird file input.
                                Use a file name (Multiple files are wrapped in "", and split by ' ') or regular expression to represent your input Grid file, default is *.zip.
                          -D    Which databases do you want to screen? The Database basic path is <$Database_Path>.
                                    ${Database_list}are Supported.
                          -d    Provide your own database path, the compounds files are recommended as maegz or SDF file format.
                          -R    Optional, reference Ligands correlated with the grid or use for RMSD calculation. As *.mae or *.maegz.
                          -m    Running Mode: a serial combination of different computing tasks.
                                    Show all mode and task in this option using "-O".
                            @ Available Running Mode: <Fast>
                                Fast: Fast Virtual Screening.
                                Normal: Filter The Drug-like compounds and dock screening.
                                Reference: Virtual Screening with reference ligand restrain.
                                Prep_Normal: Virtual Screening for un-prepared compounds database.
                                Normal_MMGBSA: Virtual Screening and MMGBSA re-scoring.
                                Cov_Screening: Virtual Screening to discover covalent durg.
                                Induce_Fit_Screening: Induce fit screening.
                                QM_Screening: Virtual Screening and QMMM re-docking.
                                Local: Local docking and screening were carried out using the input ligand structure.
                            @ or Custom Running Mode, e.g. -m "EDL+R+HTVS+CD"

                        Control parameters:
                          -F    Force Fields, OPLS_2005, OPLS3e or OPLS4.<OPLS4>
                          -T    Set a Job Name. Default is "Grid_name-Database_name-Run_Mode".
                          -C    Aattach residue number on receptor, required in Covalent Docking.
                                    e.g. "cys:A:1425", the A is chain name and 145 is the atom number(Heavy atom). 
                                    The cys is residue name for A:1425, Supported residues: cys, ser, lys.
                          -q    Define a "DFT:Basis_Set" to QM/QMMM, default is "B3LYP-D3(BJ):6-311G**".
                                    Other QM setting: "B3LYP-D3M(BJ):6-311G+**","M06‑2X:def2-tzvpp(-g)","wB97M‑V:cc-pVTZ-pp"
                          -p    PH for ligPrep, with ±2.0. <7.0>
                          -s    Set a SMARTs Expression for compounds filter at first step. such as [B]([O])[O].

                        OUTPUT parameters:
                          -a    The number of Output compounds per Screening Task. <5%>
                                    e.g. 10% means reatin top 10% compounds.
                                        10000 means reatin top 10000 compounds.
                          -b    The number of Output compounds after Standard docking Task. <4000>
                          -c    The number of conformations generated by each ligand in the docking task. <1>
                          -e    The number of candidates to IFT/CD/MMGBSA/QMMM. <500>

                        Job control:
                          -H	Host Name of your Queue, defult is HPC_CPU.
                          -N    The max number of subjobs. <100>
                          -G    The number of Glide subjobs. <90>
                          -P    The number of Prime subjobs. <10>
                          -L    The number of LigPrep subjobs. <30>
                          -A    The number of phase subjobs. <10>
                          -Q    The number of Qsite subjobs. <10>
                          -K    The number of QIKPROP subjobs. <10>
                          -M    The number of MACROMODEL subjobs. <10>
                          -S	Your Schrodinger path. <$SCHRODINGER>

                        Thank you for your using, If you found any problem, Please contact wanglin3@shanghaitech.edu.cn.

#后排插播一条广告，欢迎加入Schrödinger中文社区，请致信wanglin3@shanghaitech.edu.cn获取加群二维码。
